[DOC-392] Local install with Proxy and infra recommendations (#7702)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/deploy-manage/deploy/azure.md

      - Read our [infrastructure recommendations](../ingress/). You will find instructions on how to set up an ingress controller, a load balancer, or connect an Identity Provider for access control. 
      - If you are planning to install Pachyderm UI. Read our [Console deployment](../console/) instructions. Note that, unless your deployment is `LOCAL` (i.e., on a local machine for development only, for example, on Minikube or Docker Desktop), the deployment of Console requires, at a minimum, the set up on an Ingress.

!!! Attention 
    We are now shipping Pachyderm with an **optional embedded proxy ([Envoy](https://www.envoyproxy.io/))** 

>     allowing your cluster to expose one single port to the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    allowing your cluster to expose one single port externally.
```

Author: Done
